Let's look how a promise looks in the first place all create a new prominence here with the new keyword
and then the promise object.
Now does promise object expects a function as an input does function again expect to parameters resolve
and recheck.
And I'll come back soon.
So inside this function body now can write what ever I want to do is in which ever asynchronous task
I want to execute.
For example let's say to simulate something which takes some time and then to set a timer either or
set it to one and a half seconds.
And once the timer is finished I of course want to do something.
Now I'm not writing my to be executed code which I'd update my you or I or whatever inside of this time
or function because that's what I'm using a promise for.
I want to handle this asynchronous task in a lean and nice way.
So instead of doing whatever I want to do inside of this code and therefore writing tons of code inside
this callback here all Eustice resoled parameter which was passed which actually is a function where
I can pass an argument which I want to pass back out of the promise once it has been resolved just to
case what ever every call resolve.
On the other hand and I will give an example for that to reject of course is also a function which basically
means the operation failed because imagine you reaching out to some kind of server to fetch data.
Well that might also failed so therefore it needed to be able to handle both cases.
But here I'm calling resolve.
And with that I'm creating my promise and then I can actually use my promise that then function now
then basically means once this promise is resolved do that do whatever I specify in here.
So of course you're able to pass a function which should get executed once this promise has been resolved
.
So here I simply want to log something and do something I want to log something I get passed into my
function.
The value of the resolving of this promise this of course will be de-value which I pass here with the
result function.
So I'm printing that here.
So what do you think we'll have that for now it run.
I get done after one and a half seconds.
So what happens is I use my promise which is set up here.
And this promise will then as I call then go ahead and execute it my time or here or run my timer and
after one and half seconds and would call the resolve function which gets passed into year in the U
function I pass to my promise and you resolve function executed in your past has me done with just the
value I will receive that my then Colback and dysfunction here and there for I can handle it in here
.
And I think it's easy to imagine that if you would not have a timeout here but instead would reach out
to a server.
And then when we get back that data we would resolve our promise and send the data we could back with
this problem as resolving and then with then function somewhere else no code that could handle this
data we got back without having to nest this code inside of this time.
And I imagine we have a number of callbacks so we would then change all our cold decks but with promises
we have this very convenient approach and all we need to write is this in order to do something with
the value we get we'll eventually get back